OK let's go ahead and finish our last animation cycle.
So the last animation cycle is just going to be our characters hover state.
So when he's just standing around not doing any actions he'll still have a little bit of motion to him
just to make it more interesting to the player.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to open our frame.
One of the standing pose once you have this opened up what we're going to do is we're going to make
two copies of this character.
One of the body and one of the mask and the feathers.
So we're going to start with the body.
So starting with the loincloth folder and coming all the way down to the spear.
Let's go ahead and make a copy of those layers.
And we're going to go ahead and merge those layers together and bring that to the top next.
Let's select our mask and feather fuller and we're going to make a copy of those.
Let's merge them together and we'll drag that to the very top of our layers.
Great.
Next we want to do is we want to select both of these layers by holding control and selecting both then
hit control again and select your background and then we're going to drag and drop those into our Sprite
she
lets go ahead and put him into position.
Great.
Now he is in our jump right full there.
So we want to drag him out of there and then we're going to place them into a folder.
We'll call this folder hover right
now let's go ahead and open that folder and we can delete that background layer.
And with our two layers with the head and the body we're going to go ahead and merge those together
and we're going to call that frame 1 great Next what we want to do is we want to create a new document.
So we're going to go file new and we want this document to be 600.
Six hundred.
So this is the same size as our frame 1 document.
What we're going to do is we're going to drag both these layers into that document.
Like so I will grab it and make sure it locks into position.
Great.
Now the reason why we've done this is because we're going to use this as a base to create each frame.
The only thing that's going to be happening animation wise is his head is going to be going up and down.
So this will make the process very simple.
Let me show you what I mean.
So let's first delete this white background layer.
I didn't mean to bring that in.
Next.
Let's go ahead and animate that head.
So first off in animation we want his head to go down.
So we're going to come up to the head layer then using the keys on our keyboard.
We're going to nudge that down just the tiniest bit.
I only hit my arrow keys twice.
Now let's go ahead and save that out as a frame to go file save as and we'll just put to
that next will we want to do is we want to select all three of our layers and we're going to drag and
drop those into our spreadsheet.
Then we can go ahead and delete that background layer and merge our two layers together.
So that of us one will call this to great.
Now let's go ahead and let's do that again for fring 3.
So we'll grab our mask layer and then we're going to nudge it down.
We're just going to go down twice.
It now let's go ahead and save that out as frame three
fantastic.
And now we can go ahead and grab all three of those layers and drag them and drop them into our spreadsheet.
Let's go ahead and to lead our background layer murder two layers together.
More call EF 3.
Now our character's head is going to begin to come back up.
So we just want to replicate this frame right here and put it right there.
So let's go ahead and open our frame to
moments go ahead and select all of our layers and drag them and drop them into our spreadsheet
then we can go ahead and delete that background layer merger two layers together and label that frame
for now our next frame is going to be our frame 1 because it's going to start at midpoint he said is
going to come down.
It's going to come down further than it's going to come back up and then it's going to reach midpoints
again.
So let's go ahead and grab our frame one.
Well grab both those layers drag and drop them in get him into position great.
Let's go ahead and make a copy of these letters because we're actually going to want the same frame
again because what we want to happen in our animation is we want him to take a breath where his head
goes down comes back up and then he takes a pause of where his body doesn't move at all.
So now we can go ahead and delete both those background layers.
Then let's go ahead and merge both our layers together and we have to do this twice for each of the
characters we just put in
gripped.
Now let's go ahead and label those five and six.
Fantastic.
We just created our final animation cycle and the next lecture we're going to go ahead and create our
mock up and see how it looks.